docs/en-US/PsNtfs.md, before:

---
Module Name: PsNtfs
Module Guid: d2475b4e-5027-4728-ae4e-799ad4dd12e4
Download Help Link: {{ Update Download Link }}
Help Version: 2.0.10
Locale: en-US
---

# PsNtfs Module
## Description
Work with the contents of NTFS volumes

## PsNtfs Cmdlets
### [Expand-AccountPermission](Expand-AccountPermission.md)
Convert an object representing a security principal into a collection of objects respresenting the access control entries for that principal

### [Expand-Acl](Expand-Acl.md)
Expand an Access Control List into its constituent Access Control Entries

### [Find-ServerNameInPath](Find-ServerNameInPath.md)
Parse a literal path to find its server

### [Format-FolderPermission](Format-FolderPermission.md)

Format-FolderPermission [[-UserPermission] <Object>] [[-FileSystemRightsToIgnore] <string[]>]


### [Format-SecurityPrincipal](Format-SecurityPrincipal.md)

Format-SecurityPrincipal [[-SecurityPrincipal] <Object>]


### [Get-FolderAce](Get-FolderAce.md)
Alternative to Get-Acl designed to be as lightweight and flexible as possible

### [Get-FolderTarget](Get-FolderTarget.md)

Get-FolderTarget [[-FolderPath] <string[]>]


### [Get-Subfolder](Get-Subfolder.md)

Get-Subfolder [[-TargetPath] <string>] [[-FolderRecursionDepth] <int>] [<CommonParameters>]


### [New-NtfsAclIssueReport](New-NtfsAclIssueReport.md)

New-NtfsAclIssueReport [[-FolderPermissions] <Object>] [[-UserPermissions] <Object>] [[-GroupNamingConvention] <scriptblock>]


### [Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains](Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains.md)

Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains [[-UserPermission] <Object>] [[-DomainToIgnore] <string[]>] [<CommonParameters>]

Commit message:

Bug fixes for Expand-AccountPermission which involved creating ConvertTo-SimpleProperty

docs/en-US/PsNtfs.md, after:

---
Module Name: PsNtfs
Module Guid: d2475b4e-5027-4728-ae4e-799ad4dd12e4
Download Help Link: {{ Update Download Link }}
Help Version: 2.0.15
Locale: en-US
---

# PsNtfs Module
## Description
Work with the contents of NTFS volumes

## PsNtfs Cmdlets
### [ConvertTo-SimpleProperty](ConvertTo-SimpleProperty.md)

ConvertTo-SimpleProperty [[-InputObject] <Object>] [[-Property] <string>] [[-PropertyDictionary] <hashtable>] [[-Prefix] <string>]


### [Expand-AccountPermission](Expand-AccountPermission.md)
Expand an object representing a security principal into a collection of objects respresenting the access control entries for that principal

### [Expand-Acl](Expand-Acl.md)
Expand an Access Control List into its constituent Access Control Entries

### [Find-ServerNameInPath](Find-ServerNameInPath.md)
Parse a literal path to find its server

### [Format-FolderPermission](Format-FolderPermission.md)

Format-FolderPermission [[-UserPermission] <Object>] [[-FileSystemRightsToIgnore] <string[]>]


### [Format-SecurityPrincipal](Format-SecurityPrincipal.md)

Format-SecurityPrincipal [[-SecurityPrincipal] <Object>]


### [Get-FolderAce](Get-FolderAce.md)
Alternative to Get-Acl designed to be as lightweight and flexible as possible

### [Get-FolderTarget](Get-FolderTarget.md)

Get-FolderTarget [[-FolderPath] <string[]>]


### [Get-Subfolder](Get-Subfolder.md)

Get-Subfolder [[-TargetPath] <string>] [[-FolderRecursionDepth] <int>] [<CommonParameters>]


### [New-NtfsAclIssueReport](New-NtfsAclIssueReport.md)

New-NtfsAclIssueReport [[-FolderPermissions] <Object>] [[-UserPermissions] <Object>] [[-GroupNamingConvention] <scriptblock>]


### [Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains](Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains.md)

Remove-DuplicatesAcrossIgnoredDomains [[-UserPermission] <Object>] [[-DomainToIgnore] <string[]>] [<CommonParameters>]
